Add LuaAPI (#282)
godotengine/awesome-godot: README.md

- [Entity Spell System](https://github.com/Relintai/entity_spell_system) - An entity and spell system for complex (optionally multiplayer) RPGs (Godot 3.2, 4.0).
- [godot-anl](https://github.com/Xrayez/godot-anl) - A wrapper for [Accidental Noise Library](https://github.com/JTippetts/accidental-noise-library) with a visual noise editing support.

> - [godot-luaAPI](https://github.com/WeaselGames/godot_luaAPI) - Module for createing sandboxed modding API's with Lua (Godot 3.2+, 4.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [godot-luaAPI](https://github.com/WeaselGames/godot_luaAPI) - Module for creating sandboxed modding APIs with Lua (Godot 3.2+, 4.0).
```
